docs: Style Wave db migration page (#915)
seqeralabs/wave: docs/db-migration.md

---
title: Wave database migration
description: Migrate your Wave installation from SurrealDB to PostgreSQL
tags: [wave, surrealdb, postgresql, migration]
---

[Wave 1.21.0](https://docs.seqera.io/changelog/wave/v1.21.0) introduces support for PostgreSQL as the primary database backend, replacing SurrealDB.

> This guide covers migrating your existing Wave installation from SurrealDB to PostgreSQL.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide outlines the steps to migrate your existing Wave installation from SurrealDB to PostgreSQL.
```
